Add a Slots library, and a transient variant of ReentrancyGuard (#4955)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/honest-planets-sell.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `TransientStorage`: Added a library to help read and write to transient storage (EIP-1153).

Author: ```suggestion
`Slots`: Added a library to help derivate, read and write to storage slots (both "normal" and transient).
```
